Artist: Logic Lyrics
Song Name: 500 Days Of Summer
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


I did it today, I made myself say
And I take back my tears, my sight, my love
No more does your magic work, on my heart
No more will your words ever tear me apart
I know now for certain, nothing's burning anymore

"I love her smile, I love her hair, I love her teeth. I love this heart-shaped birthmark she has on her neck. I love the way she sometimes, licks her lips before she talks. I love the sound of her laugh"

I can feel it now
It's coming soon
It is my world, my sun and moon
Once upon a time, this world was love
But now I know this is everything that I've dreamed of
So take it slow
Speed it up
Every time I see you I just want to beat it up
Maybe not, but that's a lie
C'mon baby girl, ain't no need to cry
Just let me go, or let me know
Why the hell you wanna stick around fo'
Arms length
Just so you do, don't get to close, that is the rule
I remember when I met her back in high school
Science class, sitting on the stool
Now I'm feeling like a fool
Cause I cut that tie months ago, this girl is cruel
Maybe not, just very lovely
No matter what she says I know she still loves me
So can I love?
I've already asked
Who would've know matters of the heart would be such a task?

"I hate summer, I hate her crooked teeth. I hate her 1960s haircut. I hate her knobby knees. I hate her cockroach-shaped splotch on her neck. I hate the way she smacks her lips before she talks. I hate the way she sounds when she laughs"

Uh, She used to be my girl
But now she just a girl I'm fucking
She used to mean the world to me but now that world is nothing
I would've put a ring on that finger but I couldn't afford it
So I laced it with rib and she adored it
Uh, sometimes I wonder if she thinks of me
But my mind tells me to focus on work so instinctively
How could the pussy be that good?
Cause my feelings involved
Till my shorty evolved
And her feelings dissolved
But that's what happens when you find them young
Treat them like royalty, and they will run
Searching the world for perfect love and realize you're the one
But they fucked because that shit is done
This is a letter to the woman of my dreams
Love what she brings
So listen baby girl cause everything ain't what it seems
You either know me now
Or I'm a meet you after fame
But one thing's for sure
Your life will never be the same
Cause you're gonna be my wife and my mistress
So understand now I can't be there for every Christmas
I love you more than anything, but I could never risk this
On stage living life, while you're forced to miss this