Artist: Chamillionaire Lyrics
Song Name: All Mine
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


[Movie Bites from "Scarface (1983) ", Al Pacino as Tony Montana speaks:]
Time has come.
We gotta expand...
The whole operation... distribution!
New York... Chicago... LA!
We gotta set our OWN MARK... and enforce it.
We gotta think big now.
Think big!

[Verse 1:]
Sittin' in my Jacuzzi, - sittin' in my Jacuzzi; (uh!)
Overhearin' talkin' 'bout 9-5? - Nah, that ain't gon' move me! (uh!)
Anythin' less than ten, bro, - that's that old Nintendo.
Cause y'all playin' games, stop playing games! I spent that on my windows.
(You spent that on your) in "O". - I spent that on my ten hoe;
When you don't get long enough, then they said you got extendo.
You can turn your doors to bulletproof and that won't stop an attempt, though.
Ain't worried about anybody-she-could-do-cause I'm thinkin' 'bout the demo.
(Hello? Hello?) - Don't call me on the wrong Jack!
(Don't call you on the wrong, what?!) - No, just hang up and don't call back! [phone down]
Hope your car is trustworthy! - Hope you got the car fax!
Hope you don't open the door and explode right after contact!
I keep a banana with me, I think I'm Axel Foley. (uhh!)
Hope you get my point like you try not to be a goalie! (whooo!)
You said: "They have real rubber." What's this garbage they sold me?
If the world was sucker free, then I'd probably be here lonely.

[Chorus:]
If you ain't got it, you ain't God of me and you just ain't the same!
Got that viral "Ammunition", watch me hit 'em with the pa-aaii-in!
Sittin' in my Jacuzzi, watchin' a groupie do her thaaang,
I she work it well enough, I might remember this girl's na-aa-ame!
Movin' through the airport, - hundreds with the small face;
I know they gon' check me so they tempt to rob my bra waist.
Walk into the right house. - She thought this was our place?
This my house! - What you think? It's Scarface?!

[Bridge:]
Yeah, this world is all mine!
Yeah, this world is all mine!
I saaiid: "Yeah, this world is all mine!"
Yeah, this world is all mine! [whispering]

[Movie Bites from "Scarface (1983) ", Al Pacino as Tony Montana speaks:]
You need people like me, so you can point your fuckin' fingers...
And say: "That's the bad guy."
Say good night to the bad guy!

[Verse 2:]
All mine, all mine! - Come and take me up off the throne! [gun cocks] [automatic gunshots]
They'll pull my hallers up at your dome,
And I'm back in town, I ride alone; they tryna run up inside my home!
Copycats, my body clones. Oh, no! They stuff it in Styrofoam!
If your problems with me is on wax,
I'm gon' argue with you, that's non-fact! I don't buy them weed, I buy 'em back!
I could sit on top of these tall Gats, just sit on top of these tall stacks;
And be higher than you little liars in, you still wouldn't get to reach where I'm at!
I lead where I'm at, and I'm poppin' up on you out the blue!
Who you think that you talkin' to? What that do casa mi casa, fool?
Keep surveillance for all my haters. You watchin' me? Well, I'm watchin' you!
Keep the butcher knife and a drill! - Just try not to get chopped, (you're screwed!) [screwed]

[Chorus]

[Bridge] [beat stops]