Artist: Megan Thee Stallion Lyrics
Song Name: Freak Nasty
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


(Freak, freak, freak nasty, ah...)

I'm running through your nigga house like a Tomb Raider
You got a pass around nigga, he a hot potato
I told him, "Eat it or get out! That's your ultimatum"
"But stop licking my pussy hard, that shit aggravating"
Uh, he ain't mine, I just let him eat me out from time to time
Call that pussy pootie tang, 'cause I got the runny kine
He can't compare me to none of these bitches
I got that Beyoncé, that Dreamgirl, that listen

Freak, freak, freak nasty
Go a couple rounds and leave that dick up in a casket
I ain't wanna take the nigga from you it just happened
You know I ain't cum boy if you had to ask me
Freak, freak, freak nasty
Lick on my hand, then I put it in his pants
Get to playing with that cock and make that motherfucker, (BAM!)
And I walk and I talk like a pimp 'cause I am

Parlez-vous français? Tell my pussy "hey" (Oh la-la)
Fancy top, give me head in a beret (Oh la-la)
Stormy Daniels, head from the head of state
Twee lee lee, make it clap on his face, ay
Freak, freak, freak nasty
Ain't gone get no pussy, but he hoping that he do
Walking all over the nigga, so he buy me all my shoes
Quit calling him a trick if he only buy your food, ay
Freak, freak, freak nasty
Ice on my neck, let it drip down my chest
Look at this motherfucking money make me wet
Rich bitch pussy only cum for a check

My contact list look like the yellow pages
I don't save these niggas names, I remember faces
And I ain't fucked you in a minute, why you still claim me?
Bet if he ever hit this pussy he gone still stalk me
And if you got a new bitch why you still callin'?
And I look better than that hoe that's why she made you block me
I like to show for them haters talking bad about me
Tryin hard to find a flaw, but you still watching
Hey

Freak nasty motherfucker
Kiss with the tongue
I don't wanna fuck the nigga if he ain't hung
He a lotta fun if he eat it night one
If he got a lotta funds, I'ma hit it like "uh!"
Money make me cum, tryna get me some
Looking at these numbers on my checks like "uh!"
Versace hottie, uh
Creole mami, huh
She gone fucking run
But the Stalli giddy up

Freak, freak, freak nasty
Go a couple rounds and leave that dick up in a casket
(Ay, ay, casket)
I ain't wanna take the nigga from you it just happened
You know I ain't cum boy if you had to ask me
Freak, freak, freak nasty
Lick on my hand, then I put it in his pants
Get to playing with that cock and make that motherfucker BAM
And I walk and I talk like a pimp 'cause I am

Pussy wet
Diamonds on my neck
I'm a hot girl, so I make these niggas sweat
If you fucking with me, then you're fucking with the best
If he say he a dog, I'ma treat him like a pet
Jimmy John neck, told him "give it to me quick"
Talkin' like you love me? Nobody, Keith Sweat
Rich bitch pussy, I can take you outta debt
(Outta debt)
Rich bitch pussy only cum for a check, aah
Ah

Freak, freak, freak nasty
Go a couple rounds leave that dick up in a casket
(In a casket)
Ay, ay, ay
Freak, freak, freak, freak nasty
(Oh, oh ah!)
Freak, freak, freak, freak nasty
Ah
Freak, freak, freak nasty