Artist: Frank Sinatra Lyrics
Song Name: Guys And Dolls
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


[Benny:]
Do you know what is at stake here?
Nathan Detroit's Crap Game.
I cannot believe that a number one businessman like you could let himself go and fall in love with his own fiancee.

[Nathan:]
Alright, so Adelaide is my weakness.
Can you not be tolerant that I've got a weakness?
Especially since this weakness is a sad condition that guy's ran all over the world?

Look, what's playing at the Roxy?
I'll tell you what's playing at the Roxy.
It's a picture about a Minnesota man so in love with a Mississippi girl that he sacrifices everything and moves all the way to Biloxi.
That's what's playing at the Roxy.

[Benny:]
What's in the daily news?
I'll tell what's in the daily news.
Story about a guy who bought his wife a small ruby with what otherwise would have been his union dues.
That's what's in the daily news.

[Nicely:]
What's happening all over?
I'll tell you what's happening all over.
Guys sitting home by a television set who used to be something of a rover.
That's what's happening all over.

[All:] Love is the thing that has licked 'em?
[Nathan:] And it looks like I am just another victim.

Yes, sir, when you see a guy reach for stars in the sky,
You can bet that he's doing it for some doll
When you spot a John waiting out in the rain,
Chances are he's insane, as only a John can be for a Jane.
When you meet a gent paying all kinds of rent
For a flat that could flatten the Taj Mahal,
Call it sad, call it funny, but it's better than even money,
That's the guy's only doing it for some doll.

When you see a Joe saving half of his dough,
You can bet they'll be minting it for some doll,
When a bum buys wine like a bum can't afford,
It's a cinch that the bum is under the thumb of some little broad

When you meet a mug lately out of the jug,
And he's still lifting platinum folderol
Call it hell, call it heaven, it's a probable twelve to seven
That's a guy's only doing it for some doll.

[Musical interlude]

When you see a sport and his cash has run short,
You can bet he's been blowing it on some doll,
When a guy wears tails with the front gleaming white,
Who the heck do you think he's tickling pink on Saturday night?

When some lazy slob gets a good steady job
And he smells from Vitalis and Barbasol
Call it dumb, call it clever, ah, but you can't give odds forever,
That's the guy's only doing it for some doll, some doll, some doll,
The guy's only doing it for some doll.