Artist: Chris Brown Lyrics
Song Name: Him Or Me
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


You the one always saying, I don't treat you right, babe
Don't wanna go out and dance like we used to
Don't wanna netflix and chill, girl, you never in the mood

Your phone stay on vibrate, baby who the hell callin' this late
Every other day the story change, if you ain't really gonna love me
Baby I can leave
'Cause I done been hurt I'm too weak for
How you gonna be mine if he's yours (skrt skrt)
Baby you done took a detour, it's fuckin' me up
Tell the truth if you can't do it, got me out here lookin' stupid (got me)
Tell the truth (tell me), you give it to him too easily (what the fuck)

Try to drink away the misery, too drunk too angry
Gotta come clean to figure it out, she cheated (gotta, I know it)
Too drunk too angry, girl, that's just fucked up I can't believe it
Think you can lie, you gotta pick a side, him or me
Who do you love? Him or me? gotta be, him him him or me?
Better pick the right one, she cheated, him or me?
Who do you love? she cheated, gotta be me, I know it, better pick the right one
Girl that shit fucked up I can't believe it, him him or me

When you played with my heart I heard a melody
Right now I ain't see, cause I tryna find the pieces
Everything you said I did, you did to me
With this other guy, no-oh
You know he don't got you like I do (he don't, he don't)
Don't refuse, this gift I got for you
Deep down you know I
Guess I didn't give you enough attention (no)
Guess I ain't talked you enough into your business
Don't even lie we talked about children
You said you weren't ready
And I'm too crazy to have kids
She said I should live in the moment
Told me don't put too much on it, told me don't put too much on it

Your phone stay on vibrate, what if i? No, no
Too drunk too angry, gotta come clean to figure it out, oh, oh
She cheated, you're cheating on me, I know it
Too drunk, too angry (too drunk)
Girl that shit fucked up I can't believe it (can't believe it, baby)
Think you can lie? You gotta pick a side, him or me? (If its him or me, who do you love?)
Him or me? him him him or me? (ooh, gotta be)
Better pick the right one, she cheated, him or me (you cheated, who do you love?)
She cheated, gotta be, i know it, better pick the right one
Girl that shit fucked up I can't believe it, him him him or me