Artist: Chamillionaire Lyrics
Song Name: Let's Get That
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


[Intro:]
Yeeeaaaah!
You gotta have "Ammunition"... [gun-cocks]
Plenty of it... silencers... rapidfire! [automatic gunshots]
LET'S GET IT! [shot]

[Chorus:]
Just give it to homes in different locations,
Just make one and leave the most spacious;
And two rollies dipped in gold faces,
And two girls that's known to switch places!
Ready? Let's get that!
Let's get that! - Let's go!
Lemme know if you with that!
You with that? - Let's go!

Just give me two yellow bones with cute faces,
Gotta be backin' up or be basic!
TV screens is looking like "Matrix",
Cars so fast, the police can't chase it!
Ready? Let's get that!
Let's get that! - Let's go!
Lemme know if you with that!
You with that? - Let's go, we can get it now!

[Verse 1:]
See? Everybody act like they the man to watch,
But I don't even see 'em runnin' half the block!
Influenced by the Michael Watts and Rapalots,
I won a Grammy and I still ain't-took-it-out the box!
When-I-was-comin'-up, I never had a lot!
So now I want it all, I gotta have ya spot!
Now everybody actin' like it's candy drops,
But they bitin' like when Tyson and Evander box.
Oh, well-I-still-will-ride-fresh switch 'Lacs every season,
Kick a door down my raps what they needin'.
Couple bad women that'll pledge their allegiance,
Never broke hoes, coach bags are deceivin'!
Two straps on me, never-dealin'-with-a pat down
While-I'm-walkin'-to-the-private-jet in the background!
I ain't see a throne, that's why I never sat down!
Pass-it-to-the-king like cats out in Sac-Town!
No Demarcus, I don't give a damn, it's no instagram, I'm just into Cham'!
Open hands and then enter grands; anythin' I got, I'm gon' get again!
Killin' all y'all, tell me what do y'all call!
Bad-guy-that-never-pass! I'm-the-villain-ball-hog!
You on the come up but I'm playin' "duck hunt",
When I put my guns up, that's the that that y'all fall!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
You ain't playin' in the game; you a lame, you a mascot!
Always-tryna-criticize the things that we rap 'bout,
While-I'm movin'-like-a-pair-of-J's on the blacktop;
You don't run a thing but out of space on your laptop!
I'm a-start-a-tab my change never max out
Main broke rapper, main one pullin' cash out!
I'm a-have-yo'-woman on swangs in my Lac drop.
You don't like it? You-can-catch-a-fade like a flat top.
Lame get a name, y'all lames tell 'em: "That's hot! "
Not me! I-say-I-never-bought-it, boy!
I'm-comin'-for-the-money like an auditor,
Look how I murdered everybody that-you-thought-was-raw!
It don't mean that you made it if you on a tour;
You're not a headliner if you're on a four!
Anybody got beef, I'm a carnivore,
Don't-make-me-rain-on-your-parade like it's Mardi Gras!
Not Mardi Gras, it's not February! Not January, it's Ben & Jerr!
Mixed with some liquor, it's a Bloody Mary; such a nasty flow it's unsanitary!
Gettin' motion sickness cause I roll the sickest
On the road to riches and you know the bidness;
Cause the flow is vicious, you supposed to witness;
When-I-get-it, I'm a-be-like: "What I told you, snitches? "

[Chorus]

[Bridge:]
Shoow tiiime! (shoooow tiiiiiime!) 
Turn dooooown theee liiiights, it's shoow tiiiiime! (damn riiiight!)
And this woooorld iiiis miiiiine, no liiiieeee! (noooo liiiieeee!)
Turn uuuup theee briiiights an' let's shiiiiine, (aaaaaal-riiiiight!)
Cause this woooorld iiiis miiiiine, hmmmmm!

[Outro:]
Should never be a question in your mind about it!
Stay loaded! [gun cocks]
Chamillitary!
See? You call it motivation... [automatic gunshots]
I call it... "Ammunition"! [shot] [beat stops]