Artist: Lil Dicky Lyrics
Song Name: Lion King
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


Now look at all these muthafuckas out on Pride Rock
Lotta livestock
Think it's cause Sarabi ride cock, or she did once
Cause they celebrating Simba
Lil cub, errbody gotta kneel cause

Deal was, lions was some muthafuckin real thugs
And the fear of, being turned into a meal was
Such a fright yo, but on the real they hella nice tho
This specific pack of lions acting like some white folks

But Africa is full a brothas, one is Uncle Scar
And that muthafucka wasn't nuffin funny son he hard
And he mad too
Cause he just wanna be the man too
First it was his brother, now another king is brand new

Baboon drawin on a tree ya dig
There's something freaky bout rafiki, bet his weed legit
That muthafuckin monkey doesn't need comedians
The reason is, he laughin at the breeze and shit, it's weird

Alrite now back to the plot
Mufasa was a wonderful father, he loved him a lot
And Simba wanted to impress him every second he got
The youngn was taught... but then one afternoon he forgot

Thas when he holla'd at nala, to follow da balla
To crawl up in da squalor
Where all uh da lawless acknowledge his father

But they never gave a fuck bout a little bitty pup
Aw shucks... they gonn eat this mafucka up
Until his dad came through, and smacked dem bitches in the head
Coulda had em dead, but he let em runaway instead

Now he really mad at dude
He cute when he sad tho
And the simple truth, Simba doin what his dad do

Shit... now das some real talk homie.
But he can't own them fields with dem lil paws homie
And real dogs only bark at bitches when they gotta do
Taught him to, think when he at the line like an audible

And now the part I abhor
Lil Simba chillin with a chameleon, perfecting his roar
Could a been a gecko but dat shit echoed, effectin the gorge
Was accidental, but you know what's in store, the stampede scene
Shit... and he was all up on a stick, gotta hold a grip
Simba you done got up in some shit

But his dad came through, and he saved him man
But as he climbed with them wounds, Mu raised his hand
But dude his brother on some muthafuckin scar face
Scar face, lit up like a muthafuckin star'n space

Hard place, and a rock, mufasa caught up in between that
Das his brother but that brotha was a mean cat
And when he threw him off the ledge
Simba couldn't believe dat that muthafucka dead

Tears being shed
Scar got up in his head
More dread for da boy, so he ran away and fled

Timon and pumba time
The young cub grown up, what a beautiful lion
They grub bugs, cub's nuts hittin puberty while
The voice of change up - ferris buller style, ya know

And they was tryna eat a beatle
A lion came through, tryna dine, hella regal
Then pumba got stuck, bout to get his ass cut
But then Simba stepped up, and defended like a thug do

Rollin round he realized who it was too
Hollad back at nala like whassup boo
Hugged smooth
Confused
Nala lookin pretty, titties done grew
Butt cute
He bout to fuck soooooon

Then he nuzzled from the back
And he cuddled from the front
He was really mackin jawn
She all up on his junk

You could see me jackin off to scene, believe dat
The young me, fuckin around with cats, I need that
To recap, lotta feedback, Simba react
The fam need dat... but ya man can't be back

He just wanna do his thing ya dig
But he the king
Even tho he wadnt feelin it

Until he met up with the monkey
What a funky fuckin junkie
But he spunky, told the muthafuckin lion bout his country

And he ran back
Pride rock got it's man back
But damn... the whole land hella ransacked

And then he saw scar with his mom
Sarabi lookin hella worn, hidden Simba looked on
As scar did her like a dog, hit her hard with his palm

Forreal dog?
Alrite you fuckin with the God now
Long growl
Pimpin' handle bidness like a boss now
Tossed down
Talkin shit to Simba bout to cost clown

Scar tell the young'n that he killed his pops tho
Foreal mafucka? He revealed his hops bro
And clocked on that muthafuckin sucka with a cross
Rocked uncle with couple then sunk him with a toss

He on't play that shit... brothas and lacrosse
Real talk... the dogs done finished him off
And pride rock was back where it started at
The meals back, fields packed with the hardest cats

Foreal jack... the animals is feelin dat
The real is back... and I just spit the realest rap, ya know

And Simba musta hit it hella freaky
Gotta keep it PG
But you see Rafiki with da pee =wee baby
Dat right there mean he merckin' it right
The dude piped... but that's just the circle of... life.