Artist: Chamillionaire Lyrics
Song Name: Never Enough
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


[Intro: Chamillionaire (Angel)]
Everything'll change tomorrow, juuuust waaiit!
Everything we had seems different laaaate-ly.
Everything at first is always soooo greeeaaat
Buuuut iiiiiiiit's (never eeeeeeeee-noouugh, - never eno-oouu-ugh! [5 seconds instrumental]

[Chorus: Angel]
You get up and then you fall flat, [echoes]
Even when you give your all back, [echoes]
They try to tell you where your heart's at, [echoes]
Someone tell me what you call that!
I beliieeve, - I beliieeve it's never enoouugh!
I beliieeve it's neveeer, - neveeer enough!
I beliieeve it's neveeer, - neveeer eno-oouu-ugh!
Neveeer, - neveeer enough! - Everythiiing - is neveeer, - neveeer eno-oouu-ugh!

[Chamillionaire:]
I'm thinkin' 'bout all of the people I went harder for,
While I read the Holy Scripture like it's "Art of War".
Pretty women and skinny dippin'; Where the party, boys?
Skippin' the crib like I ain't get to book an honest tour.
If I wasn't ready you never seen it all before, (what else?)
Pro'ly keep a loaded weapon up in armored drawers. (armoed drawers!)
Cause I know the people envious of marble floors; (marble floors!)
If everybody had the answers, it would all be yours! (WHOOOO!)
Success could've ran from me, I said: "I would've caught you! "
You couldn't just be the person I open my arms to!
It could've been something said that I'd never respond to;
Or you couldn't just give a reason for me to assault you!
You couldn't just work it out with somebody you talked to,
That could've been somethin' that someone else never taught you!
You could've been legendary if you had the heart to;
That could've been something that wouldn't come back to haunt you. - Whassup?

[Chorus: Angel (Chamillionaire)]
You get up and then you fall flat, [echoes]
Even when you give your all back, [echoes]
They try to tell you where your heart's at, (they try to tell you where your he-eeeaaa-art's at!)
Someone tell me what you call that!
I beliieeve, (I beliieeve!) - I beliieeve it's never enoouugh! (it's just never enough!)
I beliieeve it's neveeer, - neveeer enough! (it's just never enough)
I beliieeve it's neveeer, - neveeer eno-oouu-ugh!
Neveeer, - neveeer enough! - Everythiiing - is neveeer, - neveeer eno-oouu-ugh!

[Chamillionaire:]
Tell 'em you wanna do it, they'll say that it's cruelest pride!
Pour your heart out and they actin' like someone lied. (lied!)
When you stand up for somethin', they'll treat you like someone died!
But if you stand up for nothin', just call it a homicide!
Told me to fear God. Now tell me is that coward?!
Mainly kid, X's the symbol of black power! (power!)
You just plottin' the scheme and remain in that tower,
Lactose intolerant to your damsel that's sour.
Do anythin' for the money, but tell me: "What does it mean?! " (mean!)
If money's everything, get it; and tell me: "What else it bring?! " (brings!)
The pedal pull out the metal; which of your crew'll sing?
You puppet? You'd better duck it or learn the pull of the strings.

[Bridge: Chamillionaire]
Send the kites of federal through the bank,
They sell their souls for soles and Jordan's and foolish things! (things!)
Careful, the truth stings, I know that you had a dream
But ain't no Martin Luther King's out on Martin Luther King!

[Chamillionaire:]
Hold up! - Let someone tell me what you call that! (call that!)
They think you're beneath 'em, so they think they can walk over you like a doormat.
The only way that I could solve that (solve that!)
Get on the beats, spit all this heat! Drink to the heart and get an all clap!
Cause this apparently therapy, I'm hysterically
Laughin' at anybody who thinkin' they could embarrass me!
Even if carelessly do the words that I'm inherently
Passing to y'all, but I ain't gotta do necessarily! (naaah!)
Why should I bother? I know that I'm not your father!
You'll never become a baller! I never slept with your mama!
You'll never become a bomber! You'll never get any commas!
You'll never get anything in your life - but plenty drama! (what else?)
I set the presidents from my little seed;
They cut me? I'm a bounce back like I'm Shaheen Reid.
I'll require all the enemies that I didn't need,
See? Real recognize real and that's why I can't see no one but meeeeeeee!

[Outro: Angel]
Neveeer eno-oouu-ugh...
Never eeeeeeeee-noouugh!
Neveeer eno-oouu-ugh...
Never eeeeeeeee-noouugh!

[Bridge: Chamillionaire]
Send the kites of federal through the bank, [beat fades-out]
They sell their souls for soles and Jordan's and foolish things!
Careful, the truth stings, I know that you had a dream [beat stops]
But ain't no Martin Luther King's out on "Martin Luther King"! [screwed]