Artist: Mac Miller Lyrics
Song Name: Pure
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


Woah, woah
Woah, woah
Hope I got enough oxygen for this
Woah, woah, woah
Lets ah, lets see
Woah

How do it feel when you make it?
Is every day just another vacation?
Livin' needs no reason, just like seasons
They keep changin'
Have you seen the people's faces, when you take away their pain?
That shit is prettier than any picture, Monet could've painted, I
Swear to God I never could've saw this happenin'
You was, you was rappin' in
Your mind started unravellin'
You back again with complications, that was then, this is now
You was on your way out, you stayed up and turned that shit around
Pittsburgh is a little town, you made it out of (Yeah)
Look at all these things you did, are you not proud of
What you accomplished?
Was success everything that you wanted?
Are you being honest with yourself? (Yeah)
How you're doing, how's your health? (Yeah)
Well I'm fine (Fine)
I left the past behind (Behind)
I'm only an architect, the world is just design
I don't mind all of the rumors, I'm just fine being a loser
Sit behind my own computer
It's devine, it's Hallelujah on my mind (Woah, woah, woah)
You need to let it all play out
The world is tryna hold you back, you find another way out
See the signs (Signs)
'Cause they're right in front your face
You got the light inside you, please don't let it go to waste (Woah)

Don't waste your time here
You don't got time to lose
Walk along the chosen road
On your own
Please free your mind here
You got a mind to lose
Will you make love to my dirty soul?
(Make love, woah, will you make love, girl?)
Ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Woah, woah
Ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Woah, woah, oh, oh

Yeah
Everybody got opinions when you make millions
All God's children, let me keep livin'
I've been keepin' it real (Real)
I can't sleep without pills (Pills)
Will it all go wrong? (Will it all go wrong?)
Would you visualize every single time that you made them songs? (You made them songs)
Can you just hold on? (Hold on)
Yeah
Havin' nightmares from the bottom (Bottom)
Heaven is for legends, Hell is Hell for the forgotten (Woah, woah)
I've been dealin' with some problems, I've been longin' for your love (Love)
Crazy, selfish, doin' drugs (Drugs)
Check off all of the above, yeah (Woah)
They told me "Get it together, 'cause God is waitin' for you" (Waitin')
Your life will never be normal, I got some paper for you (Money)
Just respect who you are or they gonna take that from you (They gon' take it)
Everybody gotta die, that shit just make you mortal

Don't waste your time here
Woah, woah
Walk along the chosen road
Walk along the chosen road, yeah, ayy
Please free your mind here
Go ahead and free your mind
Will you make love to my dirty soul?
(Girl, will you make love? Will, will, will you make love?)
Ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh
Oh I've been a fool take me home
Take me back home
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Fuck the rules, make your own
Make your own
Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah
Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah
Woah, oh, oh, oh, oh