Artist: Chris Brown Lyrics
Song Name: Roll The Dice
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


Girl, this love's amazing
Kissing, let's get it, get at me, do that shit
Pretty young thing, can you be mine, babe?
You wanna smoke with me, get faded
Fuck slowing down
Pick it up, pick it up, roll
In my bed, it's going down
Can I get you all alone?
Think I'ma roll the dice, roll the dice, roll the dice tonight
'Cause I'm 'bout that life
Want all night, that'll change your life
Think I'ma roll the dice, roll the dice, roll the dice tonight (Roll up, roll up, roll up, roll up)
(Haha, leggo!)
And you my lucky number
(Look, look)
I'ma roll the dice

Okay, I'm rollin' and rollin' and takin' a chance
Throwin' this money and makin' her dance
My clothes different, I smoke different
That top flight, that Peter Pan
But I gotta bigger booty in my face right now
Big tig ol' bitties and her waist slimmed down
And she pullin' on my hands, lookin' in my pants
A nigga 'bout to give her all this money right now (Okay)
Lay down, lay down backwards
Lick it, write my name in cursive
This spell "awesome" backwards
Own it like I own it
She hop it on it, ride it backwards
Girl, don't stop doin' that damn thing
Throwin' all these dead presidents
'Cause that pussy is my campaign
Vote for it, vote for it, that yaya
Girl, that cookie make a nigga go broke for it, broke for it
I know you wet, I ain't ever gon' let you drown
That's what a real nigga got a boat for, boat for
10 car garages, let's have a ménage
And let's get it poppin' in a four-door, four-door
I started makin' it rain
But I got so much ice on, I'ma make a snow storm
It's awfully cloudy, in my section I'm smokin' maui
Blowin' four O's, that's an Audi
R8, no license plates
A nigga was born in '89, how the fuck we spendin' money from '88?
I guess that means that I'm before my time
And I'm first place and you a second late, yikes!

Girl, this love's amazing
Kissing, let's get it, get at me, do that shit
Pretty young thing, can you be mine, babe?
You wanna smoke with me, get faded
Fuck slowing down
Pick it up, pick it up, roll
In my bed, it's going down
Can I get you all alone?
Think I'ma roll the dice, roll the dice, roll the dice tonight (Roll the dice)
'Cause I'm 'bout that life
Want all night, that'll change your life
Think I'ma roll the dice, roll the dice, roll the dice tonight (Roll up, roll up, roll up, roll up)
(Yeah, yeah)
And you my lucky number
I'ma roll the dice

Look, K-Mac comin' straight from the eighties (Eighties)
A nigga dabbled in crack in the eighties (Eighties)
Callin' out all the single, pretty ladies
Which one of y'all wanna have my pretty babies? (Babies)
Oh, I think it's you (You)
Or maybe even you but I like her too (Too)
All y'all cute so a nigga can't lose (Lose)
I'ma roll the dice, daddy need a new pair of shoes (Pair of shoes)
They the new black ones that I got from Louis (Louis)
Big house, big broad, livin' in the boonies (Boonies)
I be so fly, yeah, I got the honies (Honies)
And they give me good brain, I don't fuck with dummies (Fuck with dummies)
You know you got that fire, why you trippin'? (Why you trippin'?)
Take a look around you, you ain't got no competition, huh (Competition)