Artist: Meghan Trainor Lyrics
Song Name: Started With A Hello
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


See I wouldn't mind getting to know you
I'm pretty sure all your friends have told you
'Cause I've been going on and on about you
And I don't even know your name
Yeah I've noticed you've been hanging around and
I wasn't looking but I'm glad I found ya
'Cause I can't control what you do to me

It started with a hello (hmm-mmm-mmm)
What you up to? how you been?
Is your lover girl a no show? (hmm-mmm-mmm)
She's a fool leaving you again
'Cause we can do that kind of dancing that you can't do with your friends (hmm-mmm-mmm)
I started this conversation so you'll tell me how's it gonna end (hmm-mmm-mmm)

Aye, I really wanna make you smile and stay out with me for a little while
Don't need to rush we can take our time and pretend like it's just us two
'Cause I can feel like you the bass in the room
We go together like that clap and boom
You'll be the rhythm baby I'll be the blues
And that's, that's what I like, aye

It started with a hello (hello, hello)
What you up to? how you been?
Is your lover girl a no show?
She's a fool leaving you again
'Cause we can do that kind of dancing that you can't do with your friends (can't do with friends baby)
I started this conversation so you'll tell me how's it gonna end

Ooh, you got me loving what you do
They gon' wonder how, how I got you!
Well it started with a hello (hello, hello)
What you up to? how you been?
Is your lover girl a no show?
She's a fool leaving you again
'Cause we can do that kind of dancing that you can't do with your friends
I started this conversation so you'll tell me how's it gonna end (hey-aye, tell me how's it gonna end)

'Cause it started with a hello
What you up to? how you been? (baby how you been, been, been? aye)
Is your lover girl a no show?
She's a fool leaving you again
'Cause we can do that kind of dancing that you can't do with your friends (aye, woah, oh)
I started this conversation so you'll tell me how's it gonna end (how's it gonna end baby?)

Started with a hello
No, it started with a, it started with a, it started with a hello (started with a hello)
Oh-oh-oh, it started with a hello, it started with a hello, it started with a hello
Started with a hello