Artist: Lil Dicky Lyrics
Song Name: Sway In The Morning 2019 Freestyle
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


Lil ol' dick and I'm back in this bitch
I know y'all know, when I rap, what it is
All facts, don't fib, got a gang full of hits
In touch with the kids like a pedo, ugh
I'ma jam like Shaq, I'ma bang when I wish
Up in this bitch like a fetus
Ain't no timelines when you timeless
Hold up, MJ '96
Meaning I'm back on my bullshit
You know I come hard like a full dick
Suburban and white –whip
Stay with the bread like some cool whip though
Look how it spread, cool whip flow
I can make 'em write with an IG live
And my girl got bombs on her bod, jihad
And between her legs is lookin' right, hypotenuse
Ugh, break it all down
Hold up, Sway, let me bring it all down
Been out here, citizenship
Look how I got everybody tuned in right now
They'd probably watch this for a hour
Tracy, I brought you flowers
Accident
Gas out the ass like flatulence
I was slept on like mattresses
I got my head right, aspirin
I'm cashin' in, I'm cashin' in
I'm not about to hold a paper and display it like a thumbtack
No touchback, they about to run this back
And if you ever met me, you'd root me for me
Sharp shit comin' out my dome, I'm a unicorn
Pardon my breath
Only Percocet I fuck with is breasts
Elevator kissin' hoes at the Ritz
Freaky Friday, I get in 'em like Chris, wait
Sway, pass me the rock
Get it, post, jab, up fake, pump
Jump and then I'm –two shots at the line
I got em –like a mime
Odell Beckham, might cut on a dime
Glow in the dark, see me any time
I used to put the Xbox controller on my dick
And let it vibrate, how I jerked off as a child
Came a long way
Now I'm like "Ey, girl. You. Me. Fuck?"
And that shit work, hey
Her brother lookin' at me like, "Hey, fuck her bro!"
Sway! Her brother lookin' at me like, "Hey, fuck her bro!"
I'm like Kareem Abdul, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
These hooks got me scorin', see me comin' from afar
Rappin' in France, I never need an advance
I'm switching it up like I'm trans
Although I'm the Trojan man, I'm eating the pussy like cervical cancer
I know where I'm going shit but if my GPS died
I'd sleep in my sedan
I can't do the Shmurda dance
I get caught up, lookin' awkward, you know?
Sometimes I'll catch it for a minute
OJ with it, y'all wonder how I did it
My mom hit me once, she's lucky I didn't sue
But I'll stomp y'all out like Ndamukong Suh
All the shoe brands wanted me to sign
I remember they thought I was Lonely Island
There will not be another like me
I could go viral if I put out a snippet
I'm sick like a cold and you really could get it
I always be playin', just like I'm embedded
I got a leg up like ottomans, though
My television show is coming but that is irrelevant
Right now I'm wrappin like presents get
How did I get here?
I got big rappin like Diddy, I'm prevalent
Hold up let me find the melody
All my fans are getting mad at me
They just wanna hear me spazzin' out
But I just had to put a couple smashes out
How is this shit a pop star?
Rap name is a dick joke
How did he make it that far?
Good pussy at the crib like a housecat
They waitin' on my buzz like the outback
In-and-out with the bag like I make tea
When I do shopping sprees
Eyebrows long like AD
Girls get wet like Navy
Pull up like I'm Steph and she'll cream
Players in the NBA text me
If I want a Diet Coke, someone brings me Diet Coke
All my live shows nuts, like I expose testicles
Hold up, wait, Let me ad-lib my shit. (Oh yeah yeah)
Look at my penmanship (I write this)
I'm a Carl's Jr. model (For real)
Just on the side like soccer moms
I could have sold you stock and bonds
Happened so fast like Ramadan, the Autobahn
DeSean been runnin' down the bomb from Carson's arm
I'm off the farm, I'm on the court
The jumbotron is on the boy
They playin' my song, LeBron is noddin'
Am I James Worthy?
Look at my bars, I made off like Bernie, ooh!
Oh, we having fun
Girls see me and start blushing just because I'm around
I used to always get a boner at my physical, Sway
If this is cultural appropriation, what can I say?
What would you have me do? You know I gotta rap
But the times now are scary, hold up, wait, take a step back
Dave, think about this shit
Internet is a permanent place, this is gonna live forever
Uh, breathe, analyze, think about everything
I'm such an idiot!
I used to cover R. Kelly songs at my shows without even knowing it was problematic
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny
What I do?
Act more Jewishly
C'mon Sway, write my eulogy
Am I lookin' like I need to get a job?
Or lookin' like I need a bodyguard?
I play tennis with Leonardo
How y'all train on track like cargo
I go dumb, don't dumb it up
Don't fuck on planes, but I'm coming up
Add up my views to sum it up
I was just on Sportscenter, dun-dun-dun
I think this is good, I've done enough
My haters look like mad like, "Son of a-"
Now let me go and finish up my album
Jussie Smollett, you know I'ma fuck it up

And I'm out
And I'm gone
And I leave
And I'm out
And I'm gone
And I've gotta catch a flight
Thank you all for having me