Artist: Logic Lyrics
Song Name: The Incredible True Story
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


Get 'em

Living life on the east coast
Way back in the day trying to beat most
Anybody that wanna do what I do
Well let me keep it one hunna with you
It ain’t about that
Ain’t about Hip Hop
Ain’t about Rap
Think a minute, hold up, use your cap
Chicago, know I’mma snap
Gotta say, no basic rapping

So they wonder who am I, so high
I said they wonder who am I, so high

Back again, never outside so I’m acting in
I laugh again when they don’t understand what I mean, bias
Everybody seen by us
Everybody wanna live a life like this
Man fuck that, do what’s good for your family
Make music like there’s no Grammy
For that last line they might ban me
I don’t give a fuck though
Cause I am me
From Beijing to Miami
I’mma just do what I do with my crew
Ain’t no telling what I’m finna do
But I promise that I’mma keep writing for you
And I know what to do
Everything right here for you
Only for you, depending on what you gonna do

It’s all for you
It’s all for you
Who am I, so high
I said they wonder who am I, so high

Let me take the time to find the rhyme
And let you know that I’m the only one
To find the one the time is done
Beyond the sky, beyond the sun
There is no one besides the only one
And you know I gotta let ‘em know
If you love it, let it go
At an all time low and all I know is, all I know
I do what I love
Came from below when there was no one above
Created a world no one has been to
Everything that I’m into
Everything that I’ve been through
Bring it back like, let it shine like a bad light
Reminisce ain’t know that night
Gotta take flight
Everybody probably wonder what I’m living like
In the middle of the night I might write
Despite what they say is right and wrong
Despite they wonder (wonder)

Who am I, so high
I said they wonder who am I, so high

We’d like to be painters, we’d like to be poets.
We’d like to be writers, but as everybody knows we can’t earn any money that way.
What do you want to do? When we finally got down to something which the individual says he really wants to do,
I will say to him you do that.. and uhm, forget the money.
If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you will spend your life completely wasting your time

You’ll be doing things you don’t like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing things you don’t like doing, which is stupid!
It is absolutely stupid!
Better to have a short life that is full of what you like doing than a long life spent in a miserable way.
And after all, if you do really like what you’re doing, it doesn’t matter what it is –
somebody is interested in everything, anything you can be interested in, you will find others will

But it’s absolutely stupid to spend your time doing things you don’t like, and to teach our children to follow in the same track.
See what we are doing, is we’re bringing up children and educating to live the same sort of lives we are living.
In order that they may justify themselves and find satisfaction in life by bringing up their children to bring up their children to do the same thing,
so it’s all retch, and no vomit it never gets there. Therefore, it’s so important to consider this question: What do I desire?

The Incredible True Story
And Transformation of the Man Who Saved the World

[Thalia:]
Surface contact in 400 meters
300 meters
200 meters
Time of day is 6:28 Constant Meridian
328 feet
Oxygen: 100%
Temperature is 17 degrees Celsius

[William Kai:]
Man what are the chances that there’s some big ass creature out there that’s going to eat us?

[Thalia:]
100%

[Kai:]
Fuck

[Thalia:]
Clear Skies

[Quentin Thomas:]
Kai which Tarantino film do you think Logic liked best

[William Kai:]
I would definitely have to probably have to say Kill Bill

[Thalia:]
114 feet

[William Kai:]
Man, stylistically he’s like, what’s the name of that bitch, the lead character I forgot her name
but he’s like that bitch with like some Kung-Fu shit, he’s like with his raps. It’s fucking crazy

[Quentin Thomas:]
You know in...in Pulp Fiction I mean, the way Tarantino constructed his shots,
it’s the same feel for me with his raps you know there’s thought behind it

[William Kai:]
No I could see that, I could see that but. Nah man, fuck that man...
Kill Bill was the shit, especially like knives throwing and dodging and shit,
and then fucking hot chicks fucking fighting each other and cutting each other’s heads off, what the fuck is that?

[Quentin Thomas:]
Yeah...fuck it

[Thalia:]
Prepare for surface landing

[Quentin Thomas:]
You’re right, hot chicks and Kung-Fu, can’t beat that

[William Kai:]
Yeah, can’t beat that at all

[Thalia:]
Surface contact in 10...9...8...7...6...5...4...3...2...1

[William Kai:]
Are you ready for this?

[Quentin Thomas:]
Are you? Wait wait, what's that sound?

[Thalia:]
Life