Artist: Frank Sinatra Lyrics
Song Name: What Time Does The Next Miracle Leave?
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


My name is Francis Albert (Francis Albert Sinatra)
And I sing love songs mostly after dark, mostly in salons.
I've had some very good years.
I haven't missed a whole lot in those firecracker years,
And I don't want to miss a thing when the future appears.
I like to sit outside on a summer night with a drink in my hand.
And a little moonlit music on the stereo, and look at the stars.
Then I get an urge to travel to that fabulous sky,
If they can do it in the movies, why can't I?
"Seats are now available on the Satellite Special",
"leaving for Mercury and Venus, Pluto, Saturn, Neptune."
What time is the next miracle, I want to be on board,
Save me a seat by the window where I can see
All those marvelous things to be seen out there.
(The things to be seen out there, all there)
What time does the next miracle leave?
Let's get this show on the road,
And when the Satellite Tours begin,
Count me in, count me in , count me in
count me in, count me in , count me in
count me in, count me in , count me in
"Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one."

[musical interlude]

When I arrive at Venus, it will surely be spring,
And the girl I have waited for, will be waiting for me,
And she'll dance with me all the afternoon,
Comfort me when the darkness falls,
And she'll still be there in the morning when I need her the most.
Maybe when I get to Venus, I will never be lonely again.
"The Satellite Special leaving for Jupiter, Saturn,"
"Neptune, Jupiter, Saturn," (Jupiter, Saturn)
Jupiter makes with the rain, Saturn makes with the crop,
A nicer trade was never made, and hopefully never stops.
If Saturn's fields are dry, Jupiter won't stay fat,
So Jupiter leaves its fortunes on and bets its ass
"Next stop, Pluto where the devils dwell, hahahahahahaha"
Pluto is a rotten place an evil place they got in space,
It's Hades (it's Hades) filled with rats for self-defense,
A sordid flock of Creme Nomen.
And ladies (ladies? Ladies, ladies, ladies)
It's pure hell when your journey ends there,
But you can bet your ass I'll lead a lot of friends there,
(We're getting R A )
"Next stop, Mercury, Mercury, Neptune"
Mercury will lead us out to Neptune and her deep blue sea.

[musical interlude]

(And then) And then to Uranus (Uranus)
Uranus is heaven,
(Heaven, heaven, oh you know indeed, is it really heaven?)
How will I know? I will know, if they need me at the station,
With some cheese and some Mayo pizza,
Well done (well done), and a little red wine.
"The Satellite Special now leaving non-stop for earth, non-stop for earth"
(Move along, move along, it's time we were getting on board.)
Please let me off at the desert, where I can see
All those wonderful things to be seen down there.
(to be seen down there, all there)
(coda)