Artist: Pink Lyrics
Song Name: When We're Through
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


I woke up on early evening and I knew I was alone
Did the sun come up or did it rain again, I’ll never know
I felt the acid in my stomach rise above my throat as I dialled

There was a message from my mother
From about 7a.m. said I’ve forgotten what you sound like 
And I’m wonderin’ how you’ve been
I cried myself to asleep back on the floor
Unconscious in denial

Life is just a little part of what the world will do
To get it’s point across it beats you ‘til you’re black & blue
And decides just when you’re in or when you’re out
‘Cause when you’re through you’re through

There’s a cafe around the corner from a home I call a house
I sit and play sudoku ‘til I figure some shit out
I drink the day’s first coffee and I smoke the last cigarette of my life

And I’m wondering out of all the crazy places that I’ve been
Would it ever be as good as sittin’ here just with a friend?
Where it's always understood it might be time, to switch the coffee to the wine

Life is just a little part of what the world will do
To get it’s point across it beats you ‘til you’re black & blue
And decides just when you’re in or when you’re out
‘Cause when you’re through you’re through

Yeah, Yeah.
Whoaaaah, Ohhhh. 
Whoaaaaahhhhhh

Ohhhh, Ohhh, Ohhh.
Oh.

Janis sings to me just like she’s sitting by my side
And I wonder just how many times she sat like me and cried
I’ve made it past the age of twenty-seven so there’s no use in dyin’

And my friends have asked the question:
“Baby, will you be okay?”
I wanna tell them yes ‘cause I know that’s what I should say
But I’ve got no crystal ball and I can’t bring myself to lie and why should I?

Hey, yeahhhh - I think that…..
Life is just a little part of what this world will do
It’s bring us to the brink and beats the shit right outta you
And decides just when you’re in or when you’re out
‘Cause when you’re through you’re through

Yeah, Yeah, Yeah
Life is just a little part of what the world will do
It’s brings us to the brink and beats the sh1t right outta you
And decides just when you’re in or when you’re out
When you’re through you’re through

Ayyye, Oh.
I guess I’m through
Mmmmm
When you’re through, you’re through.