Artist: Chris Brown Lyrics
Song Name: Who Dis
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


True story (Woo)

Attention, my baby's comin' over
I'ma need everyone to go
Take what you need and get to steppin'
No, you don't need to wait up
Traffic, I hear it's kinda crazy
More time for me to clean up
She might think there is something shady
Really, seriously, you need to hurry up
If you only knew about the way she drive
You would understand, I ain't fucking around
If she come through the front door, and you gotta hide
Gotta hide, she be like

Who this bitch all up in my house?
Why she hiding behind the couch?
Ho don't know me, no, you don't know me
No, don't get up, fuck around and I'ma lay you out (Hey, hey, hey, hey)
She like, who this bitch all up in my house? (Yeah)
Why she hiding behind the couch? (Yeah)
Hold on, no me, no, you don't know me
No, don't get up, fuck around and I'ma lay you out (Out)
Who this? Who this is?
Who this? (Ah, ah) Who this is?
Who this? Who this is, yeah?
Who this? (Ah, ah) Who this is, yeah?

Jump, jump, jump out the way (Ayy)
Jump, jump out the place (Ayy)
If she pull a blade and point it at me
I might catch a case (Ayy)
Baby, I know I was wrong
That's the whole reason I'm singing this song (Ayy)
Can we all get along, get along, get along?
I know you trippin' and pointin' them fingers
What if I told you that this was my sister (Woo, damn)
Trapped in the closet? (Ayy) but it ain't
Lying trying to stall her so that she can get away
What she say?

Who this bitch all up in my house? (Who that bitch?)
Why she hiding behind the couch? (Please don't hurt her now)
Ho don't know me, no, you don't know me (Know me)
No, don't get up (Hey), fuck around (Hey) and I'ma lay you out (Hey, hey, hey, hey)
Who this, who this, who this is?
She like, who this bitch all up in my house? (Yeah)
Why she hiding behind the couch? (Yeah, oh, no, no, no)
Hold on, no me, no, you don't know me
No, don't get up (Hey), fuck around and I'ma lay you out (Out)
She like, who this? What's that bitch name?
Who this is? What's her name?
Who this? What's that bitch name?
Who this is? What's her name?
Who this? What's that bitch name?
Who this is? Yeah, tell me her name
Who this? What's that bitch name?
Who this? What's that bitch name? (Ow!)

Not the regular predicament
Can't even play like I'm innocent
Every night I fuck a different bitch
I'm the man, you the woman, it's different
You fuckin' niggas for fame (Wow)
Bitches heartin' on my Instagram
I see that look on her face
Know she gon' fuck her up, I'ma just pop a Xan'
I'm under pressure
Came into here, she gon' leave in a stretcher
I shouldn't have let her
I shoulda known better, she gon' teach me a lesson
She a lethal weapon with the .45 with the compressor
Don't pull it, don't pull it, don't pull it
Blood all over the wall and dresser
And if I have the chance would I save her life?
If I never cheated, she wouldn't have died
No, I don't see no soul, only hear her cry
Literally thinking that I'm dead wrong
What she say?

Who this bitch all up in my house? (Ooh, who is? Yeah)
Why she hiding behind the couch? (Couch)
Ho don't know me, no, you don't know me (Don't know me, oh)
No, don't get up, fuck around and I'ma lay you out (Hey, hey, hey, hey)
She like who's this bitch all up in my house?
Whats her name? Whats her name? (Yeah) Ooh
Why she hiding behind the couch? (Was gonna fuck her 'fore you came, ha)
Hold on, no me, no, you don't know me
No, don't get up, fuck around and I'ma lay you out (Lay you out, bow!)
She like, who this? Who this is?
Then she said, who this? (Ah, ah, ha) Who this is?
Them she said, who this? Who this is, yeah? (Yeah)
Who this? (Ah, ah, ha) Who this is, yeah? (Hey!)