Artist: Lil Dicky Lyrics
Song Name: Work (Paid For That?)
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


My own boss
Work less

Man, she always taking the most
Conference room every day is the worst
"Can I see your work?"
I was zerked, I was search
Tryna figure out them alibis
"This your work?"
I was drinking with some black guys
Hey I done came up (sho' nuff)
Like, "May I see your work?"
I'm like oh, that's my boss, she a bitch
She know this
She looking at me every day
Like, Dave, where you going?
I'm looking back like, "Hoe
I hate your demanding"
To print some shit, but you don't even know
Now look what happened, now who rapping?

Now at work I ask to look at bitches' titties then this happens
Titties looking back at me like "Dicky, boy, what's cracking?"
I look back at titties like "I need a sec, I'm rapping"
Titties looking back at me like, "take your time, you snapping"
I'm like, "woo, I'm getting paid for that?"

[Hook:]
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
(All of these hoes been on me
I'll never go back homie)

Homie last week I was up in Miami
Got paid to chill in the club
Literally, chilling, like not even rapping
I think I did a good job
Sat down on Twitter, my new correspondence
Is going through all of these wonderful compliments
Used to be scrutinized in all these documents
Now when I sign off on something, it's body parts
Titty, booty, macking a cutie
Got a bag in the back of the room of the venue cause she copped that meet and greet
I got them going down in their prime like Aaliyah be
Used to post up, on time, no brakes
Got a purp poster on the vine, no grapes
Used to have to swallow all the pride
Had to piss out the slacks of the sack in the sweats every day
Used to buy brands, now the brands pay Dave

Like, I just got a box of Pumas, cause they think I'm cool
Watch me mention StarKist Tuna, watch my friends get full
I used to sit and wait for Friday
But now my whole week like a Friday

[Hook:]
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
(All of these hoes been on me
I'll never go back homie)

Last year I'm stuck up doing shit up in a cubicle
They tell me what to do, I'm thinking "fuck that shit"
But y'all, I couldn't tell them what the fuck I'm thinking
Now they're paying just to listen to this shit, I got up on my leg
Got three or four bitches who 'bout to get the fourth down
That's a first, I remember when what lunch I picked was all I get
My bitch make that coffee, now only boss me around when we fuck
Was missing college but now they bringing me back, it's still fun
God damn Dicky, you too old to be fucking all these kids
Yeah, I know, but if you can rap, it's a lot less creepy though

I'm smoking weed in public, but it never seem to matter
Dump a bottle of water on your clothes and you ecstatic
I don't ever have to set alarms, I wake up supernatural
I can grab a bitch's hand and she will scream "you so attractive"
How did this happen?

[Hook:]
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah, I'm getting paid for that?
(All of these hoes been on me
I'll never go back homie)

I used to be up in Excel every day with a bitch (very proficient)
Now I just suck on my dick, suck on my own dick, man
I suck on my own dick, every rapper do it
Just a thing, an inside thing I learned
It's absurd, it's like, I'm in the industry now, so, I'm seeing shit
Every rapper suck they own dick, it's not just me
Swear to God on the Bible